Filter published genome metadata to the sequences in the published FASTA (#935)
naobservatory/mgs-workflow: CHANGELOG.md

- Sort accessions before chunking them in `FILTER_VIRAL_GENBANK_METADATA`.
- Deduplicate the viral genome FASTA by sequence ID rather than by full header in `CONCATENATE_GENOME_FASTA`, so records sharing an ID but differing in their description no longer both survive.
- Add a subworkflow-level test for `MAKE_VIRUS_GENOME_DB` covering Murine adenovirus 1, whose two assemblies share a sequence, so the accession sort and the per-sequence deduplication are exercised end to end on real downloads. Test-only; no pipeline change.

> - Add a `FILTER_METADATA_TO_FASTA` module and call it at the end of `MAKE_VIRUS_GENOME_DB`, so the published `virus-genome-metadata-gid.tsv.gz` carries exactly one row per sequence in `virus-genomes-masked.fasta.gz` instead of a row per (assembly, sequence) pair downloaded: rows describing sequences absent from the FASTA are dropped, and rows sharing a `genome_id` are reconciled to the copy the FASTA carries. INDEX now fails in this step, rather than publishing unreconciled metadata, if a published sequence has no metadata row, if rows sharing a `genome_id` disagree on a per-sequence column, or if the genome FASTA repeats a sequence ID. `PREPARE_VIRAL_METADATA`'s output is renamed to `virus-genome-metadata-gid-unfiltered.tsv.gz` and stays internal to the subworkflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a `FILTER_METADATA_TO_FASTA` to `MAKE_VIRUS_GENOME_DB` so the published `virus-genome-metadata-gid.tsv.gz` has one row per sequence in the FASTA. Error if FASTA sequences are missing metadata, or if metadata rows with duplicate `genome_id` values disagree on sequence-derived metadata.
```
